Review interface and documentation. (#2079)
tskit-dev/msprime: docs/mutations.md

Consider the [Combined DNA Index System](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_DNA_Index_System) (CODIS), a US National database
of genotypes maintained by the justice system for use in forensic DNA analysis.
The CODIS system relies on 20 core microsatellite loci, that are unlinked across
the human genome. Let's simulate a sample of 5 individuals at 20 unlinked loci,
and then apply the {class}`.SMM` model to the sample.
After running the simulation we then examine the variation across the loci, by
iterating through the variants.

```{note}

> The alleles in {class}`.MicrosatMutationModel`s like this represent the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alleles in {class}`.MicrosatMutationModel`s such as this represent the
```

> copy number, not the actual sequences observed. See below for some basic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copy number of the repeat, not the actual sequences observed. See below for some basic
```

```

```{code-cell} python

ts = msprime.sim_ancestry(5, random_seed=2, sequence_length=20,
    recombination_rate=0.5, population_size=100_000)
model = msprime.SMM(lo=1, hi=10)
mts = msprime.sim_mutations(ts, rate=1e-5, model=model, random_seed=1)
for var in mts.variants():
    print("Site at:", var.site.position)
    print("    Alleles:", var.alleles)
    print("    Genotypes:", var.genotypes)
```

#### Working with copy numbers

In order to perform some statistical analysis of microsatellite models,
we need a function to convert the output of msprime into something that
we can work with easily. The variation data is returned using the
tskit {meth}`tskit.TreeSequence.variants` method, which uses an array of
alleles (the different states observed at a site) and an array of
"genotypes", which are the observations at that site for all of the samples.
Usually, we think of alleles as being nucleotides or amino acids which
are represented as strings. In this case, however, the alleles
represent copy-numbers which are still represented as strings. So,
to get the observed copy numbers, we must convert the alleles
to a numeric type, and obtain the actual observations by

> indexing into this array. This is done in the following function:

Reviewer: this is great!
